Worst (Best) Car Desperation of my Life

Author: Gameboy Advanc

*000*2025-10-23 23:18

This is my first storytime on this website!!

I'm not very good at retelling stories but I was thinking about making this post in the middle of the desperation so we'll see how I do.

Because I'm car-deficient, I had to ask around for someone to drive me an hour away to the nearest city for my 3 month HRT check-in. My grandparents were open and willing, so my grandpa drove his huge ford truck with my grandma in the passenger seat and myself in the back. On the way there, we stopped by the gas station for some drinks because my grandma wanted one. Because they offered, I got one too but I only got a small 16 ounce cup since wasn't that thirsty and my grandma had already bought me a drink earlier (that I promptly forgot at my uncle's house when we stopped there to pick up my grandpa and his truck).

I sipped the drink on the way to the clinic and during the appointment, not thinking much of it. By the end of the appointment (around 20 minutes) I had finished it and thrown it away in the lobby. I passed by a bathroom on my way out of the clinic but I figured I didn't feel a need so I could hold it the entire 45 minute drive back.

I don't remember exactly when I realized that I had to go, but at some point I noticed that my bladder felt pretty stiff and, well to try and paint a picture of exactly how it felt, I could basically feel the pee settling right behind the muscles of my closed urethra, waiting to be released. It was a very strange feeling, partly because I had a headache from my grandpa constantly tapping the brakes (thanks interstate traffic) but partly because I've never been so consciously desperate before with an actual full bladder. I've been desperate a few times getting back to my dorm after class but it was never with a full bladder, I think I've just slightly conditioned myself into using the bathroom every time I get back to my dorm.

Anyways, once I realized how desperate I had become, I couldn't ignore it and began consciously tightening my muscles and breathing. However, I quickly found that trying to breathe deeply only made my muscles relax, which made it worse. The seatbelt started to subtly press onto my bladder and it was becoming too much to bear and we were nowhere near home. I know it was silly of me, but I didn't want to make my grandparents stop by a gas station for me to use the bathroom, I had faith that I could hold it the entire trip and that I would not have an accident. So I quietly suffered, shifting and squeezing and grabbing myself the entire ride, trying not to let go.

Halfway through, I started to genuinely consider the possibility of having an accident and how I would navigate that. It started to look more and more bearable than being so desperate as the minutes ticked on. I found different ways to alleviate the pressure, such as crossing my legs, pressing my hand to my crotch and even putting my phone between my legs (because I didn't want to ruin my phone!) it was intense. My body felt hot both from the temperature and also from the exertion of holding it. I didn't think I would last one second once I got out of the car but I knew I had to hold it at least until I got back to my uncle's house.

I also found out something interesting about myself. Apparently, thinking horny thoughts related to wetting actually helps tamper down the need a bit, but only a bit. It comes back full force afterwards, and I think it's because I often do the same on the toilet right before I let go because it feels good.

We were reaching my hometown and my desperation was at a 9.5/10. I knew that I could make it, I just had to stop thinking about it. I knew that I had held more liquid for longer before by simply forgetting about my need, but how could I just sitting in the car listening to music?! I started listening to Weird Al's "Hardware Store" to try and distract myself by memorizing all of the things he lists.

It was at this point I considered leaking a little in my boxers just to release some of the pressure, but I knew that I wouldn't be able to stop if I started so I ultimately decided against it, but the thought made me horny enough for the need to diminish slightly after.

Finally, we reached my uncle's house and I did my best not to jump out of the car and run to the door to go to the bathroom, but I can't guarantee I didn't look a little eager. I jumped out of the truck, telling them that I was gonna use the bathroom before they brought me back to my dorm, and rushed to the front door. It was locked so I had to knock a little urgently and my little cousin opened it, asking if I had to get a shot at my appointment. I may have accidentally ignored him a little rushing to the bathroom.

However, my uncle just so happened to be in the bathroom at that time! I was about to cry, I was so desperate. I heard the sink running and thought it was the shower so I was quickly trying to remember if he had two bathrooms in his house and where the best places would be to pee outside if it came to that (Though I doubt my younger cousin wouldn't try and follow me out). THANKFULLY, he was only using the restroom and I was able to go in nice and slow and cool and finally let loose.

I peed for a solid 30 seconds, it was glorious. There was also a lot of arousal left in my underwear thanks to all the horny thoughts -_-

So yeah, best desperation of my life. If it was just me in the car, I definitely would've let go a long time ago. Maybe that's content to look forward to when I get my own car!

Hope anyone found this enjoyable.

