I had a genuine accident

Author: GildedMermaid

*000*2026-01-14 03:27

Just to give some context. Recently I was playing a game online with a few friends. I was talking to one of them. I was standing at my desk atop my training matt.

Now to the accident. As I was playing I slowly noticed I needed to go but continued on playing. It wasnt that bad yet after all. After a few minutes though I realised I needed to go quite bad. Around this time I began to dance around. But since I was currently in a conversation with my friend and was still in a game round I wanted that to finish before I went to the toilet. Now may be a good time to share that I think I have a rather small bladder. And as the convo dragged on I needed to go more and more. But since I didn’t want to wet myself I finally decided to go to the toilet.

By this time I was clenching my legs against another not to leak and as I started to move to go the toilet I leaked into my panties. I instantly tried to hold it in and grabbed my crotch to stop it. And that worked for a few seconds. But when I tried to move again to go to the toilet more came out. And I just couldn’t stop leaking and suddenly it all just came out. I don’t know how long but I just was not able to keep it in. I just watched as I emptied almost my whole bladder onto my floor, through my panties and running down my leg. And without being able to do anything, moments later I stood in the largest pee puddle I had ever seen. Then I was finally able to move again without leaking. Now I was just dripping. A bit of an improvement I guess. I rushed to the bathroom and relieved myself of the remaining pee in the toilet before beginning to clean up the giant mess I made.

It took about 30 minutes to fully clean everything. And during all this time I continued to wear the wet panties. I at least wanted one hot thing to come out of this.

*003*2026-01-14 13:29

{{3 hours ago, Doctor Pivetta said:

How good did it feel to let go

}}

It felt weird. A mixture of relief and guilt. Like I didn’t mean to wet right there and definitely not that much. But at the same time it also felt good to relieve myself.

*005*2026-01-14 13:31

{{Just now, empty2 said:

Were you wearing only panties, or something else as well?

}}

Actually just panties and a shirt. I was home alone so I was able to.

