She almost, barely, basically, peed herself (kinda)

Author: Guest

*000*2023-06-17 07:41

My wife has been trying to get better at peeing standing up. There’s really no practical reason for this, it’s just fun for her to try it (and really hot for me to watch). She is not very good at aiming, but I can’t blame her for obvious reasons. That’s not really an issue with urinals though. But, she needed an excuse to pee standing up at a urinal, and she finally got one.

We were driving back from a restaurant after eating dinner with some friends. This restaurant was just under an hour drive away. My wife drank a tall glass of water, a margarita, a beer, and another glass of water. To no one’s surprised she used the bathroom after we finished eating, but her bladder wasn’t done there.

When we got in the car, she undid her belt, pulled her pants slightly down, and inspected her panties.

“What’re you doing?”

“Um, well, [friends name] said something really funny, and when I laughed, I think I peed myself a little.”

“Let me see.”

“NO! I mean, it’s only a little, there’s really nothing to see.”

I stared at her like I knew she was lying.

“Ok, it was more than a little, look.”

It was just barely visible in the crotch of her jeans. But because she always wears a bladder control pad, I knew it must have been a significant amount for it to have leaked through the pad.

She opened the glove compartment, then rummaged through her purse, then through the glove compartment again.

“Fuck, I forgot to bring an extra pad.”

“Well, you already peed so you probably won’t need to pee again.”

“Hopefully.” That “hopefully” wasn’t very enthusiastic.

Around 15 minutes away from home, I noticed her fidgeting in her seat. She tried to hide it, but her urgency was just getting beyond the point where you could easily hide it.

“Do you want me to pull over?” I asked.

She seemed surprised and a little embarrassed that I knew she had to go.

“Uh, no, I think I can hold it until we get home.” Spoiler alert, she couldn’t.

Only 5 minutes away from home, she was furiously squeaking in her seat, trying to hold back her piss with all her might. I couldn’t help but laugh a little and tease her, and she got super red faced.

“I think we might need to find a gas station.”

“Y-yeah.”

I pulled over at the nearest gas station. It had mens and women’s rooms, through they were pretty small. I kind of needed to pee too, so I headed over to the mens room and to the urinal. The mens room only had one stall and one urinal. The women’s bathroom, I would assume, had two stalls. While I’m peeing at the urinal, my wife comes running in. I looked over my shoulder and saw her heart sink once she realized that someone was using the stall. She potty danced behind me. She didn’t think I could hear her, but I could hear her curse under her breath and say “cmon cmon it’s coming out!”

I didn’t even get the chance to zip up before she practically pushed me aside and went right up to the urinal, undid her pants, and release all the tension in her muscles. I’ve never heard such a sexy sigh of relief in my life. Her pants dropped to her ankles mid piss, exposing her wet polka dot panties and adorable clenched ass cheeks to me. She briefly panicked, but couldn’t do anything; she was currently attending to more pressing matters. I walked back up to her and pulled her pants back up and held them just under her pussy while she finished up peeing. She thanked me and shoved a bunch of paper towels in her pants before washing her hands and leaving.

I didn’t take another look at her pants until we got back home. The wet spot was HUGE, like, you might as well consider it a borderline accident at that point, but I guess everyone has a different opinion on what constitutes an accident. She was in good spirits about it though. After drinking alcohol, she has a much higher chance of wetting the bed, so she put on a fresh pull-up. Of course that was after we, uh, cuddled naked under the sheets.

